Scale ratelimit with ingress pods (#5113)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/policy-resource.md

|``dryRun`` | Enables the dry run mode. In this mode, the rate limit is not actually applied, but the number of excessive requests is accounted as usual in the shared memory zone. | ``bool`` | No |
|``logLevel`` | Sets the desired logging level for cases when the server refuses to process requests due to rate exceeding, or delays request processing. Allowed values are ``info``, ``notice``, ``warn`` or ``error``. Default is ``error``. | ``string`` | No |
|``rejectCode`` | Sets the status code to return in response to rejected requests. Must fall into the range ``400..599``. Default is ``503``. | ``int`` | No |

> |``scale`` | When set to true, the configured ratelimit is divided by the number of currently active ingress-pods. This ensures a consistent ratelimit, even when autoscaling is enabled. | ``bool`` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``scale`` | Enables a constant rate-limit by dividing the configured rate by the number of nginx-ingress pods currently serving traffic. This adjustment ensures that the rate-limit remains consistent, even as the number of nginx-pods fluctuates due to autoscaling. | ``bool`` | No |
```
